what's up my kids finally finally finally for
once you really don't
know how happy I am that you can
no longer see the [ __ ]
Chinese letters that I had on my arm because they were
super scratched okay the idea I have is to get
tattoos on all my arms and all my
legs completely but all my
arms if you come here 800 arms
both arms two complete legs
okay up to the shoulders and all that but the
things that were always visible in the videos
the first tattoo I ever got
which was super ugly let's see I'm sorry for my
sister and my grandmother but the
Chinese letters were so popular back in the
day when I was 15 and the
pink garlic okay I had already had a couple of
sessions ago it was almost impossible to
see but here in the videos I don't know
why with the spotlight and all that in all the
videos you could see so much and it seemed
horrible to me it disgusted me so much and finally
this weekend as I had a
bit more free time which there aren't many I jumped
another day I also had a video recorded and
my tattoo artist who was also free  of
percent I'm going to leave it in the
description on Instagram in case you want to
take a look and get a tattoo if I
'm from Seville we told you that we're going
to cover it up once and for all we're not going to
take a break on the other arm and we
cover it up and the truth is the result was [ __ ]
worth it let's see if I'm
capable
and expose what I want to put today without
screwing it up without anyone getting upset and so that everyone
understands it okay let's
start from the basis that for me all the
channels that show small children
not only that they appear in one video or
another that the channel lives off what
a small child is, that already inflates my
balls a lot it inflates my
balls a lot because because being here
exposed on YouTube is something that
for adults already has its benefits
but it also has its bad things okay it
can be benefit benefit of
course the money the affection of the people that
you like it that you have fun
simply making videos and bad things
that they can have for example that there are
very crazy people behind the screen that
everyone there are people who  some people fall more and others
fall less but everyone to a
greater or lesser extent we have people who
become obsessed with us who hate us
who start looking for our
personal data to write garbage about us
you can have people in your own neighborhood
who start spouting out of envy whatever to
share dirty laundry studies like that that
occurs to me as a bad bad bad
bad part it's not that they stop you on the street
asking you for a photo but yes many
times maybe it is in the privacy of
your family and it bothers you that people are
watching and then you want it not as
adults we decide and we have the
responsibility to decide to expose ourselves
or not to put it up there aren't many adults in
fact like for example now ter play it
pisses me off they are rituals I had what we
do things on youtube but they don't
expose their identity because they don't like
fame because they don't like people to
recognize them on the street for whatever reason
but a small child like the
protagonists of the channels that I'm going to
talk to you about today has no conscience or
responsibility or maturity to decide
if that is good for him or her if it doesn't suit him or her and
if he or she really wants that in fact one of
the channels called daniela daniela
baby  ping this line is four years old or
what they were she's not even
aware of what it is to be a youtuber she won't
even know that she's doing it to
get paid in return I don't even think
that she has the idea of ​​uploading the
videos not even many times I see her
aware of what she's recording what
not many times she's simply
repeating what mom says and it's
normal because she has four
mountaineers when I was four years old I don't even know if they
existed and if I bathed alone and before
continuing with what I want to
tell you I have to warn you that this
video is not very bad okay it's not an
aggressive criticism like the ones you can only
see on my channel because really
videos from this entire group of channels which
by the way almost all the lines are
called Daniela I don't know what's wrong with her
then if it's that a few years ago
that name Daniela became fashionable and
all the mothers called themselves Daniela the
girl because they gave her this
stage name I don't know but I don't want them to
take such criticism personally
and as something aggressive or how to see
I'm throwing [ __ ] because I
simply think that they don't do it with
the  evil of knowing that they are doing
something wrong between food or at least
from my point of view I do not believe that the
mistakes they are making are being
done consciously but I do
want you to listen to me please because
I think that they should have a minimum
of care, it is not something very scandalous
like for example what happened with verdel and vales
has no comparison because for example
verdel and what he did was take out his day to
day with that of his children and that
often includes the children in the bathroom
peeing or pooping the children
damn children with the
school uniform which seems like a brutal carelessness to me
and unlike them these channels what they
do are scripted videos of
children's soccer entertainment for
young children so I have a
conflict that worries me and I do not feel
at all it is wrong or nothing happens I want you to
tell me your opinion at all
times sincerely because of course look there have
always been the child prodigies
as they were called in the time
when my parents were small even
today there are no children who go to
the voice that become famous because they
sing very well
actors no and I think they are necessary
having children in our series in our
films who are actors then
what happens is it bad that children enter
public life or not I think they are not
bad as long as there is a
scale no a limit let's not say no
line that says up to here from here you cannot
pass as for example what I have
told you what the school uniform cannot be
seen that the door of
their house cannot be seen that what they do in their
privacy cannot be seen no like for example not
taking them out in the bathroom I think that is
logical no less to see from Liz for
anyone in fact let's not forget that
YouTube from the second apocalypse onwards
that I talked about it in a video after
a boy discovered that there was a
group of pedophiles hidden in the
YouTube comments it was like a network
that was dedicated to putting in the
comments box of the videos where
lower time stamps appeared that turned out to
be frame extracts where the children
took perhaps a
provocative position with the provocative in
quotes provocative for this
type of disgusting heat a
boy appears a girl with a
short pants loaded I would know about
legs and well they put timestamps
not warning
between pedophiles and jeans or then
I had the measure that was taken that to me
seems like a measure on YouTube's part to piss you off you
can also
prohibit the comment box
disable it completely in videos
where minors appear in all
channels where the protagonists are
children the comment meat is
completely disabled you cannot
comment okay you can see it and not
necessarily in channels where the
protagonist is a minor okay also maybe
in a specific video from a
channel that is dedicated to something else but what a
minor health in that video they also
enable it okay here YouTube's measure
seems crazy to me because what you have to
do is control the content do not
take and deactivate the
comment box you pissed off it's not
like the dog comes dead here one and
rage but well I imagine that it will be a
technique that
Google engineers will have studied not that they always
bring us the best results so
knowing these things and starting from
there me who has two children I would not put
my been okay for any type of
content because it is  very physical
a screenshot is taken from a video you're not
careless the girl appears in
shorts and there's a slob who takes it it's a
screenshot of your video and
has it on his computer and just
thinking about something like that that someone has
a photo of my daughter downloaded on their computer makes
me feel bad or I feel sick then I
prefer not to put out what I'm telling you maybe
if my channel were about gameplay or
some more white content that wasn't
critical with so much hate, then the girl
from time to time in some game
my daughter would appear with me playing okay under a
nickname okay because I wouldn't always
try to give her an artistic name
not a nickname so that her identity wouldn't be known
of something something it's that about
children the less known the better what is
the fault that I see in these channels that
apparently are your friends there is one
called the world of indie danielle and
go I had fun cool daniela baby ping anyway
these people are all friends okay because I
was watching their videos and they collaborate
with each other okay they have get-togethers record a
handful of videos and well they
upload them  I'm talking about these channels because they
're the ones you've asked me to
talk about the most. Okay, I have a ton of
emails inameh javi and look at these people, they
act like the green Elias in commenting on your
blog and we don't care what these people do, so to speak, there's
nothing wrong with it, it
has some flaws that I'm going to
comment on now. Okay, so they can take my
advice, let them do what they
want, but it's not the same as removing the curtain
and it's the same as watching it and okay, it's not the
same as verdel ir because because he's
more careful and at the end of the day what they do
are series, they act
okay, this is fiction, nothing they do
is real, like I said before, the videos don't show
in the bathroom, you can't see the uniform and it
's not the same as the girls from tarte
blog because one of the things that irritated me the most about the
darte blog channel, about the
estarte blog channels, is that they have
three channels where content is uploaded
almost daily, however, these channels, as
mentioned, what they upload are a
couple of videos a week, you know, a couple
of videos a week, they record it in a couple
of moments, of the kids  They probably
take it as a game, okay, and that's not it, it
's not exploiting, okay, nor much less
channels eating from the presumptuous little mouse and
those distant from the already what I see is that she
uploads a lot of content, a lot of content and a lot of
perseverance requires a lot, many
hours, many hours of recording, many
hours of script that is okay, it
is probably the parents who edit but with
me letting the children play from time
to time other children play ball and
hide and seek and not all day recording
[ __ ] youtube videos percent before I
forget this video I am doing it in
honor of a colleague called
midnight, a youtuber who, well, the
time recommended, the link is in the
description ok and a colleague who, well,
has made a video commenting, expressing
her opinion, I have seen the video
reactions
after my secondary channel and for me she was
disrespecting us for nothing, okay, it was her
opinion and under freedom of expression
these people's minds, an extra, extra, are
among the missions that bring restricting her
freedom of expression, she is entirely
an extra and they have threatened to go to
the civil guard to report her, okay, they
wanted to silence the idea, sing it and it does not
seem right to me  nothing good okay I don't know if it was
indie's mother or the mother of one
of the Danielas but it doesn't seem good to me at all
okay if you are on youtube
making videos you are exposed to
people's opinions about you you couldn't give this
as the truth and because then they are all the
same nothing more than that you like up here
on youtube to take them bills and
to eat then the ham not
only the ham you are not going to eat
also the criticisms and it seems very
bad to me okay obviously to everyone who supports
my partner at midnight I hope she
recovers the video and I think this is how
girls I hope that they don't try to
strike me because well if they do it to me you
already know what happens no that I am
going to recover the video and the passive ones
that they are going to win are that I make
56 other videos plus me and all my companions
look for example this channel not the world
of indies well what I see here is that they
use the girl with a double meaning
my boyfriend leaves me you know that this girl that you
will have if I had you will have 7 I have
kissed my boyfriend my mother  get
angry this is the mysterious man in
fact of the mysterious is incredible okay
this is one of the things I was commenting on
at midnight and is that they make a series
with a mysterious man who is going to
kidnap them and such and at first
well it may seem like something that is not
bad at all no nothing happens what happens
on the site I think it is a little shady
not a little shady that I recorded a series
with the girls so small where a
man with a mask takes and
finds a girl with chloroform in her
doorway the first thing that seems crazy to me is
that you see the doorway that in another video
then the girl thanks a follower
who has shown up at her house to give her
a gift so I imagine that this
follower has shown up at her house
because she will have found out why in
some videos you can see the doorway of her
house and this is something that happens in
several videos okay several videos you can see
the doorway where she lives with chloroform a
man with a mask kidnaps her with
chloroform and they take her to a small room
in a shady garage it is very shady to make
a video without communicating with  girls I didn't
start a series where a clown chases you
through the field or something more
childish no but a guy with a
mask is not very shady
the same as me I am an exaggerator I
put myself in the shoes of if it was my daughter and I do
not like but that
a video like that made me totally uncomfortable also these
channels are
growing like [ __ ] foam I think it's
because parents give their
kids tablets so they don't get
screwed and they put and jump these videos they are
recommended I have no idea
okay but kids are authentic
money making machines on youtube
look at the social and indie point on this
channel I think it's been like a year or a year and a
bit and look at the [ __ ] numbers the [ __ ]
monthly growth is worth fifty
six thousand subscribers in the last month
eight and a half million visits saying
this is a lot of money eight and a
half million visits is a huge salary
just in monetization it's already if it has
promotions with brand and other things that's
separate but only in monetization let's
see it depends a lot on the country that comes to
the visit I know channels with five
million visits that  They are charging one
thousand two thousand five hundred euros a month but
I'm doing an average with what for me
would be 8 million visits or between 6
and nine thousand euros more or less for me
for vice pm the same clients have
the lowest cpm or the same the ten
highest yet I get mad at my boyfriend and
find out that he's lying to me we'll break up the
same here you're going to call me letter or
old man or whatever you guys want but a
girl of this age who will be the other friend
I think would be behind 7 at 89
okay let's say she has 9 an
incoming line has boyfriends already or I mean I
remember that at her age maybe I
called some girls in the neighborhood
girlfriend no or Macarena in my girlfriend or
look at the guys my girlfriend all these are
my girlfriends but she didn't know
actually I hadn't asked permission it was
me at home who said because I felt like it
that she is my girlfriend right foot
and enjoys being that it is a video of her
waze I walk because she measures your house the
line not with a cell phone but with whatsapp and it
is her water she is walking with the  boyfriend
telling her hey are you cheating on me like you're
not going to come to my house today that you
have no way on Mondays that you have
soccer or have Tuesdays and Thursdays
teaching the girl to distrust
boyfriends dad I don't know what seems tremendous to me
what doesn't seem entirely bad to me I
mean I wouldn't do it but well I
can respect that if it's content
for children in which actors are children
okay I could accept it I don't think they
do anything wrong
I wouldn't do it with my children for my
reasons but it also depends on how you
expose the children not be one thing that
you put the children on a channel of a
toy boxing and another thing that you
put yourself in line here fighting with the
boyfriend my boyfriend asks me
uncomfortable questions already to me it was you at this age what an
uncomfortable question could it be your
boyfriend that you like beauty and the
beast more wallaby even if it's a question it would make me
uncomfortable well also is it true today
is it true that you have a poster in your
folder of selena gomez or is it a lie that
I'm going to go on the radio and leave you so you
touch my balls  dude this is really good
okay he was throwing a dart map and we do
everything where it falls in this
video they make a game okay with a map
hanging on the wall and they are throwing a
dart the dart falls into a prize and
what it touches and it turns out that one of the
girls wins the prize of a bag
of money when I saw the bag of
money I imagined it would be a bag of
money from monopoly see it turns out that they
give the girl a bag with
bills just taken from the ATM
warm a thousand euros a thousand [ __ ] euros and
the mother of the owner of the channel who
is recording the video makes a
comment to her that little girl saying it smells
well well the money you will see how wonderful
those contexts are to record children
that it is not to give me some do-
gooderism here or alia or anything like that
but it just doesn't seem to me to be a
nice method a nice way to put
the children I don't know what no no I don't see it
attentive to be fulfilling their challenges okay
this is a video where the followers of
the girl propose challenges that
she has to fulfill a style  to the video that
re s made when they told him to
put money in a cookie to identify a
homeless person for the boy, well this
can't end very well a challenge of for
example that he eats a don ete in 20
seconds anyway nonsense until
the moment comes when he is given the
challenge to go to a kiosk order a bunch of
candy and make a sinpa knowing that
a sinpa a sim paquin Seville is
known to leave without paying
[Applause]
[Music]
what the [ __ ] is this may God bless you let's
see I understand that this will be passed with
the kiosk for making the
video funny but girls if your content is
childish and it's funny that
the line leaves the kiosk without paying I think
you have gone a bit over the top no or for
example on the girl's channel she is
four years old Daniela the mother makes
a video that this channel is
totally from the mother that I don't
understand days if you want to become a youtube
want to earn money there are many types of
content that you can make without using
your children but well here the mother  he
plays a joke on his daughter that she gets hurt
on the channel and hits the
four year old girl in the face and now and it doesn't
seem like he has acted, the truth is not being told,
the lie but I don't see the need to
put the line through a bad experience I
don't understand and the worst or the best depending on
how you see it is that if they have several
children what they do is several channels
they have channels for each one of those
children let's also say that they are all
entrepreneurs they are not they are
geniuses in the marketing business
so nothing kids I think that in
part these channels do not do anything wrong
compared for example with others
like for example losing
but they do have these little flaws
that they should take care of but
anyways I will be reading you in the
comments box to me what I think of
you because on my channel you can give your
opinion in the comments box and nothing I will be
seeing you in the next videos
until the next [ __ ]
[Music]